This directory contains test/expect scripts used by various test programs.
A typical test program (e.g. tests/languages/hemp/numops.c) looks like this:

    #include <hemp/test.h>

    int main(
        int argc, char **argv, char **env
    ) {
        return hemp_test_expect_script(
            HEMP_TT3, HEMP_TT3, 
            HEMP_TESTDIR, "numops"
        );
    }

The first two arguments indicate the language and dialect respectively.  In 
this case they are both set to HEMP_TT3 which is the string constant "tt3".
HEMP_TESTDIR is a constant which contains the absolute path of the 'tests'
directory (i.e. the parent of this directory).  This is defined as a command 
line option when the test is compiled (see tests/languages/hemp/Makefile.am). 
The final argument is the name of the test script in this directory, i.e.
"$HEMP_TESTDIR/scripts".

A test script looks like this:

    -- test unary plus integer
    [% +5 %]
    -- expect
    5

    -- test unary plus floating point
    [% +5.23 %]
    -- expect
    5.23

Each test begins with the following marker at the start of a line:

    -- test

The text following on that line denotes the name of the test

    -- test This is the name of the test

The source template for the test follows, starting on the next line. Any
leading whitespace is removed from the template source (as well as from
expect/error blocks), as is any trailing whitespace at the end. The test
source continues to the next line starting with '--'. This can either be the
output expected from the test, denoted by '-- expect':

    -- test pass-through text
    Hello World!
    -- expect
    Hello World!

Or an error that the test is expected to generate:

    -- test unterminated tag
    Hello [% World!
    -- error
    Unterminated tag at line 1 of "unterminated tag" test:
      Source: Hello [% World!
      Error:                 ^here

(Note that hemp doesn't yet produce error messages as informative as that
shown above, but soon will).

If no "-- expect" or "-- error" markers are found following a "-- test" block
then the test manager will only assert that the template rendered correctly
and did not generate any errors. Note however that at present this messes up
the number of tests that the hemp_test_expect_script() thinks it has to run.
It currently takes the naive approach of counting the "-- test" markers and
multiplying by 2, based on the assumption that each has either an "-- expect"
or "-- error" marker.  This will be fixed at some point in the future to 
count all "-- test", "-- expect" and "-- error" markers to determine the 
correct test plan.

The "-- start" and "-- stop" markers can be used to indicate an explicit
starting or stopping point for the test. If "-- start" is present then any
tests before it will be ignored. If "-- stop" is present then any tests after
it will be ignored.  This can be used to temporarily limit the tests run by
the script, e.g. when debugging a particular failing test.

    -- test one
    This test isn't run
    -- expect
    Blah

